Add some Tiflash tune instructions.md (#5499)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tune-tiflash-performance.md

    ```sql
    set @@tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down = 1;
    ```

> 5. If `Join` operator doesn't choose the MPP mode, you can modify the variable value `tidb_opt_network_factor` to make `Join` operator choose MPP mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the `JOIN` operator does not choose the MPP mode, you can modify the value of `tidb_opt_network_factor` to make the`JOIN` operator choose the MPP mode:
```

>     The variable `tidb_opt_network_factor` sets the ratio of network overhead when the optimizer is counting. The smaller the variable value is, the smaller the estimate for a large amount of network transmissions is and the more TiDB inclined to choose the MPP operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The variable `tidb_opt_network_factor` is used to set the ratio of network overhead that the optimizer takes into account when calculating the cost. The smaller the variable value is, the smaller the estimated cost for a large amount of network transmissions is, and the more TiDB inclined to choose the MPP operator.
```
